CSS Course Work Notes
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
C - Cascading
S - Style
S - Sheets

It defines how to display HTML elements.
Styles are normally stored in <style></style>

"Rule Based Language"

Styles stack on each other.

Places to find HTML colors: http://htmlcolorcodes.com/

positioning is used to create complicated layouts using CSS.
- By default position is static
Property values of position:
static - Default value. Elements render in order, as they appear in the document flow
absolute - The element is positioned relative to its first positioned (not static) ancestor element
fixed - The element is positioned relative to the browser window
relative - The element is positioned relative to its normal position, so "left:20px" adds 20 pixels to the element's LEFT position
initial - Sets this property to its default value. Read about initial
inherit - Inherits this property from its parent element.

z-index is used to determine who is on top and who is on botton ;)
-- Only works for relative position ;)
--- Greater value is on top ;)

We can also do some positioning stuff with margin
margin: top right bottom left
can also do : margin-left and so on

About Padding (from w3schools):
The CSS padding properties are used to generate space around content.

The padding clears an area around the content (inside the border) of an element.

With CSS, you have full control over the padding. There are CSS properties for setting the padding for each side of an element (top, right, bottom, and left).

Padding - Individual Sides
CSS has properties for specifying the padding for each side of an element:

padding-top
padding-right
padding-bottom
padding-left
All the padding properties can have the following values:

length - specifies a padding in px, pt, cm, etc.
% - specifies a padding in % of the width of the containing element
inherit - specifies that the padding should be inherited from the parent element

Things we can use with border:
border-style:none|hidden|dotted|dashed|solid|double|groove|ridge|inset|outset|initial|inherit;

Property Values
Value -	Description
none - Default value. Specifies no border
hidden - The same as "none", except in border conflict resolution for table elements
dotted - Specifies a dotted border
dashed - Specifies a dashed border
solid -	Specifies a solid border
double - Specifies a double border
groove - Specifies a 3D grooved border. The effect depends on the border-color value
ridge - Specifies a 3D ridged border. The effect depends on the border-color value
inset -	Specifies a 3D inset border. The effect depends on the border-color value
outset - Specifies a 3D outset border. The effect depends on the border-color value
initial - Sets this property to its default value. Read about initial
inherit	- Inherits this property from its parent element. Read about inherit

border-style:dotted solid double dashed;
top border is dotted
right border is solid
bottom border is double
left border is dashed

border-style:dotted solid double;
top border is dotted
right and left borders are solid
bottom border is double

border-style:dotted solid;
top and bottom borders are dotted
right and left borders are solid

border-style:dotted;
all four borders are dotted

Something about font-family:
look on w3 schools

CSS styles:
internal - defined in <style> tags inside file
external - we make a CSS file and then link it to our HTML file (see session 3 aligning html)
inline - using style in the tag definition. See same file as above.